continuing coverage of breaking news
from oconto county tops our nine o'clock
edition of Fox 11 News good evening
everyone quite the story this evening of
why two small children are in the
hospital they were injured in a
snowmobile accident and it happened near
burg road in Lena police say the two
children were the only people involved
they are one and three years of age Fox
Elevens Becky tabriz has the details on
what happened a snowmobile crash that
sent two children to the hospital
appears to be caused by one of them but
we had a snowmobile accident and our
operator looks to be a three-year-old it
appears that somehow the machine got
started whether we don't know who
started it but we do know the
three-year-old decided to take it for a
ride it looks like the she must have
grabbed the throttle and it took off at
a high rate of speed and hit a fence
post authorities say a three-year-old
was apparently driving a snowmobile and
hadn't driven it very far when it hit a
fence post they say the young driver was
towing an even younger child a
one-year-old in a sled it's built for
snowmobiles it's got a trailer hitch and
it looks like a little bubble that they
but there was another another child in
there and both children were transported
via ego three the Wisconsin Department
of Natural Resources was one of a
handful of agencies which responded to
an oconto county snowmobile crash that
happened around four-thirty the DNR says
the children's father was nearby the
details of the crash are still being
investigated what the actual injuries
are I couldn't tell you but usually when
you hit a fixed object like that a head
injury is a pretty good possibility
while authorities are still piecing
together exactly what happened the crash
serves as a reminder to those with young
children snowmobiles are a lot of fun
but they're also you know a machine you
got to keep small children and stuff
away from what exactly happened here
we're still not a hundred percent sure
but you got to watch little ones at all
times especially around machinery like
that now close family members did not
want to comment as we said both children
were taken to the hospital the hospital
nor the DNR has an update on the
children's conditions